---
title: The Steadfast Poet
author: Joshua Gonzales
layout: post
published: true
permalink: 
category: poetry
tags: 
---

The Steadfast Poet stands, solitary,<br />
Her hands upturned to catch the rain.<br />
She smiles at the sky with all of her beauty,<br />
And lets the water soak through all her pain.

Four walls and a window,<br />
Three locks and a door.<br />
Sweetly slept the sparrow,<br />
On the hard, cold floor.

Wounded wings enfold her.<br />
Whispers bear her crown.<br />
Winter’s moon climbs higher.<br />
Wishing words rain down.

Come morning, come sorrow!<br />
Peace lost with the stars!<br />
Her hands, caked with tallow,<br />
Bear fresh, burning scars.

Their words are her mountains,<br />
Their silence her sky.<br />
Their words poison fountains,<br />
And laughing, they lie.

Yet truth wrought in whispers<br />
Stands stalwart as stone.<br />
A sword forged of spirit<br />
Cuts deeper than bone.

She fled for the mountains<br />
One bright, bitter morn,<br />
Her eyes to the sunrise,<br />
Her wings ripped and torn.

When fading Light beckoned<br />
The darkness to fall,<br />
He found the sweet sparrow<br />
Flung down by a squall.

The maiden twice born can scarcely remember<br />
Cold floors decked with winestains and fear.<br />
Wrapped in the glow of joy’s waking slumber,<br />
Set free by the whispers so near.

Her feet carve out love songs<br />
On pale, dream-lit sand.<br />
She holds all her treasures<br />
In one empty hand.

Bright words, true as daylight,<br />
Give wing to her soul,<br />
Releasing her laughter<br />
And all that they stole.